Document the Multiple Persistence Units support (#11826)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/hibernate-orm-panache.adoc

This is enabled by default if you are using the Quarkus Maven archetype. If you are not using it, add the property `<maven.compiler.parameters>true</maven.compiler.parameters>` to your pom.xml.
====

== Multiple Persistence Units

> The support for multiple persistence units is described in details in link:hibernate-orm#multiple-persistence-units[the Hibernate ORM guide].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The support for multiple persistence units is described in detail in link:hibernate-orm#multiple-persistence-units[the Hibernate ORM guide].
```

When using Panache, things are simple:

> * A given Panache entity can be attached to only one persistence unit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A given Panache entity can be attached to a single persistence unit.
```

> * Given that, things are totally transparent and Panache automatically uses the appropriate `EntityManager`.

Reviewer 2: We should refrain from calling "things" since it's too subjective. Perhaps remove this part since it's explained in the linked document

Reviewer 2: Or put something like this before the initial sentence containing the link to the guide: 

```
A given Panache entity can be attached to only one persistence unit. Given that, Panache already provides the necessary plumbing to find the appropriate `EntityManager` associated to a Panache entity
```

Author: Okay. I don't see the problem with `things` but changed it to your version.

Reviewer 2: Thanks , but my point was that `things` is also used in the `things are simple` and that confuses the reader as to what `things` is referring to. Also simple != easy,  that's why it confused be a bit
